
 # Billing System , generate bill and save data
 ****
  # Introduction:
  
  * Billing System, generate bill and save data will work that is calculating the bill, gives it to the customer and maintain proper database, are accurate in calculation and printing the bill what is old balance, New balance, what amount the customer pay and also generate records, we can add n number of customers in these software. 
  
  * How much amount is still pending these all data can be stored and we can infom custom what is remaning balance he/she need to pay.We can store the customer data like Phone number, Address, date of payment, customer name,due amount etc...we can add new customer according to our Requirments. 
 
 
  REQUIREMENTS:
  
  High level requirements and Low level requirements
 
 High level requirements
 
 |S.no|DESCRIPTION|
 |---|-----------|
 |HLR-1|collect releventinformation from the customer|
 |HLR-2|Store huge n number of customer data|
 |HLR-3|We can search and display customer data|
 |HLR-4|Add new customer |
 
 Low level requirements
|S.no|Description|
|-----|----------|
|LLR-1|Make shure the information is correct|
|LLR-2|Need to add currect data|
|LLR-3|Display greetings anter the billing completed|
 
# 4W's and 1H

Who

People who have Medical stores, Hotels, Restaurants etc..,can utilize this application to save time of writting bills in traditional way

What

The way which would bring the transperancy betwwen shop owners and customers , which saves time, which gives proper calculations and invoice

When

Time is not a barrier, So it can be used at anytime

Where

It can be used in any departmental store, shops, cafes and any vendor shopes for billing to the customers.

How

Many features are availble to use. Invoice will be generated by entering Admin name and customer name, date ,old balane , new balance etc..
   
   #  SWOT ANALYSIS:
    
    
Strength
 
1. Save lot of time and effec.
2. Reduces material costing that comes with manual billing and filing.
3. Reducing long queues.
4. Low cost and easy to Handle.


Weakness:

1. Network difficulties
2. Lack of personal information.
3. External printing.

Opportunities:

1. Growing business.
2. Increase flexibility.
3. Quick receiving and information transferring

Threats:

1. Misuse. 







 
    
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
